📖  updates to release task docs and notes tool (#8593)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/release-tasks.md

1. Ensure CI is stable before cutting the release (e.g. by checking with the CI manager)
   Note: special attention should be given to image scan results, so we can avoid cutting a release with CVE or document known CVEs in release notes.
2. Create and push the release tags to the GitHub repository:

>    **NOTE:** when cutting a release tag it will cause issues for users trying to download the latest release tag. See [issue 7889](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/7889) for more details

Reviewer: Can we add that this is resolved when the release is published? e.g. 

```suggestion
   **NOTE:** clusterctl will have issues installing providers between the time the release tag is cut and the Github release is published. See [issue 7889](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/7889) for more details.
```

Author: updated.

        * `kpromo` uses `git@github.com:...` as remote to push the branch for the PR. If you don't have `ssh` set up you can configure
          git to use `https` instead via `git config --global url."https://github.com/".insteadOf git@github.com:`.
        * This will automatically create a PR in [k8s.io](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io) and assign the CAPI maintainers.

>         * Wait for the [promotion prow job](https://prow.k8s.io/?repo=kubernetes%2Fk8s.io&job=post-k8sio-image-promo) to complete successfully before going to the next step.

Reviewer 2: I think this should happen after the merge. Merge is step 4

Author: great point. I will do that.
